infrastructure/docs/users.md, before:

User Management
===============

Users are stored in separate Cognito pools. User identities for every role are
totally unrelated to one another, i.e., one needs a separate login and password
for every role. There is no hierarchical relationship between user roles, each
role has its own separate permissions, no privilege escalation is possible.

Each user is tagged with one or more locations. Users only have access to data
from their particular locations. User managers can tag users only with locations
that they themselves have permissions for.

A designated list of user managers are considered administrators and have
permissions that span all regions. This is necessary to create regions and to
create user managers within those regions. Admin user manger accounts do this by
having two privileges:
    - their accounts circumvent location checks
    - listing locations show all available locations in their accounts
A user manager cannot become an administrator. The list of such accounts is
hardcoded in the infrastructure. Ideally, the number of these accounts will be
kept very low and their use will be sparing, akin to a breakglass mechanism,
only used in emergencies or when setting up a new location.

There are 5 roles:
 - Providers: Healthcare providers of all types. These users enter records and share them.
 - Associates: Police, lawyers, etc. These users accept shared records.
 - User managers: 
 - Form designers: 
 - Researchers: 


All users have a number of shared required properties:

| Property              | Meaning                                                             |
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| `email`               | The user's email address                                            |
| `birthdate`           | Birthdate stored in ISO 8601 date only format                       |
| `name`                | The user's entire name, in the local conventions that the user has  |
| `nickname`            | What the system should call this user                               |
| `gender`              | A string indicating the gender of the user                          |
| `phone_number`        | The user's phone number with international code                     |
| `picture`             | S3 path to the user's photo                                         |
| `official_id_type`    | What type of official ID does this user have                        |
| `official_id_code`    | A local unique identifier on the official id                        |
| `official_id_expires` | When the official id expires                                        |
| `official_id_image`   | S3 path to an image of the official id                              |
| `country`             | The user's preferred country                                        |
| `language`            | The user's preferred language                                       |
| `expiry_date`         | When this user expires                                              |
| `storage_version`     | The storage version of the user, see below                          |
| `allowed_locations`   | The storage version of the user, see below                          |

Users are versioned. A user is guaranteed to have storage_version as a
property. Versioning follows semver/semschema rules, same as with records.

`allowed_locations` contains a comma separated list of location UUIDs. Users
only have permissions in the listed locations. At most, a user can have
permissions in 50 locations (since we store these locations as part of the user
in Cognito).

Commit message:

Rename user manager to manager, add manager API, update user attrs

infrastructure/docs/users.md, after:

User Management
===============

Users are stored in separate Cognito pools. User identities for every role are
totally unrelated to one another, i.e., one needs a separate login and password
for every role. There is no hierarchical relationship between user roles, each
role has its own separate permissions, no privilege escalation is possible.

Each user is tagged with one or more locations. Users only have access to data
from their particular locations. User managers can tag users only with locations
that they themselves have permissions for.

A designated list of user managers are considered administrators and have
permissions that span all regions. This is necessary to create regions and to
create user managers within those regions. Admin user manger accounts do this by
having two privileges:
    - their accounts circumvent location checks
    - listing locations show all available locations in their accounts
A user manager cannot become an administrator. The list of such accounts is
hardcoded in the infrastructure. Ideally, the number of these accounts will be
kept very low and their use will be sparing, akin to a breakglass mechanism,
only used in emergencies or when setting up a new location.

There are 5 roles:
 - Providers: Healthcare providers of all types. These users enter records and share them.
 - Associates: Police, lawyers, etc. These users accept shared records.
 - Managers: These can manage users and locations
 - Form designers: 
 - Researchers: 

All users have a number of shared required properties:

| Property              | Meaning                                                             |
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| `email`               | The user's email address                                            |
| `birthdate`           | Birthdate stored in ISO 8601 date only format                       |
| `name`                | The user's entire name, in the local conventions that the user has  |
| `nickname`            | What the system should call this user                               |
| `gender`              | A string indicating the gender of the user                          |
| `phone_number`        | The user's phone number with international code                     |
| `picture`             | S3 path to the user's photo                                         |
| `official_id_type`    | What type of official ID does this user have                        |
| `official_id_code`    | A local unique identifier on the official id                        |
| `official_id_expires` | When the official id expires                                        |
| `official_id_image`   | S3 path to an image of the official id                              |
| `country`             | The user's preferred country                                        |
| `language`            | The user's preferred language                                       |
| `expiry_date`         | When this user expires                                              |
| `storage_version`     | The storage version of the user, see below                          |
| `allowed_locations`   | The storage version of the user, see below                          |
| `created_by`          | User ID that created this user                                      |
| `modified_by`         | User ID that last modified this user                                |

In addition, Cognito maintains a number of per-user properties automatically

| `created_date`         | User ID that last modified this user                                |
| `modified_date`        | User ID that last modified this user                                |

Cognito stores other information, for example, that related to MFA, is also
stored in Cognito but not included in our records.

Users are versioned. A user is guaranteed to have storage_version as a
property. Versioning follows semver/semschema rules, same as with records.

`allowed_locations` contains a comma separated list of location UUIDs. Users
only have permissions in the listed locations. At most, a user can have
permissions in 50 locations (since we store these locations as part of the user
in Cognito).

A record of every change to every user account is stored in a `user-logs`
dynamodb table. That table contains the full updated user record as listed above
with an additional field: `action_type` that can be `create`, `delete`,
`update`.
